#79 Prepare cran release (#83)
exasol/r-exasol: README.md

Exasol is an in-memory RDBMS that runs in a MPP cluster (shared-nothing) environment.
Leading the TPC-H benchmark, it is considered the fastest analytical data warehouse available.

*The community edition can be downloaded for free from the [Exasol Community Portal](https://docs.exasol.com/get_started/communityedition.htm).*

## Status

> The package gets tested in Github against R 3.5, 3.6, 4.0 and 4.1, but it is also worked on R 3.3 and R 3.4 in the past. For R 3.6 and earlier, an older RODBC package is necessary, the newer versions (1.3-17 and upwards) only support R 4.0. You can use the [remotes package](https://remotes.r-lib.org/) to install specific versions of RODBC. The packages DBI 0.3.1 and a fork of DBItest 1.0-1 are not the current versions. The Exasol R package may however work with DBI 0.4.1, but until this is resolved the fitting older packages can be loaded from here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package gets tested in Github against R 3.5, 3.6, 4.0 and 4.1, but it also worked on R 3.3 and R 3.4 in the past. For R 3.6 and earlier, an older RODBC package is necessary, the newer versions (1.3-17 and upwards) only support R 4.0. You can use the [remotes package](https://remotes.r-lib.org/) to install specific versions of RODBC. The packages DBI 0.3.1 and a fork of DBItest 1.0-1 are not the current versions. The Exasol R package may however work with DBI 0.4.1, but until this is resolved the fitting older packages can be loaded from here:
```

- https://github.com/marcelboldt/DBI
- https://github.com/marcelboldt/DBItest

The low-level methods such as regards `exa.readData`, `exa.writeData` and `exa.createScript` may work as expected, so
should the DBI connection methods (`dbConnect`, etc.; all tests passed). DBI querying methods also get close to being production ready.

Following test were implemented:
* Unit tests for the C++ high speed data transfer layer
* Integration test (which require a local Exasol db running, and therefore are not activated by default). These leverage the DBItest package.

`dplyr` methods have been moved to a [separate package](https://github.com/marcelboldt/r-exasol-dplyr).

Code coverage of tests:
[![codecov.io](https://codecov.io/github/exasol/r-exasol/coverage.svg?branch=main)](https://codecov.io/github/exasol/r-exasol?branch=main)

### Known issues

> The latest ODBC driver (7.1.1) under MacOsX BigSure has a dependency issue. If you have problems under MacOsX and see an error message like ```...libexaodbc-io418sys.dylib not found```, please revert to the previous ODBC driver (7.0.11) which is know to work. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The latest ODBC driver (7.1.1) under MacOsX BigSur has a dependency issue. If you have problems under MacOsX and see an error message like ```...libexaodbc-io418sys.dylib not found```, please revert to the previous ODBC driver (7.0.11) which is know to work. 
```

   If you followed step 1., this installation should work on Linux/Windows.
   Under MacOsX you might need to install additional dependencies, please check the [devtools page](https://www.rdocumentation.org/packages/devtools/versions/1.13.6)

4. OpenSSL
   For Windows: The package downloads the required DLL's during the installation process.

   For Linux: Install using the common package manager, for example: ```apt install libssl-dev```

   For MacOsX: Install via brew: ```brew install openssl```.

5. Install the necessary dependencies, such as RODBC or the DBI packages. For the versions of these package, checkout the section [Status](#status). Have a look into the [Github Actions Docker](https://github.com/exasol/r-exasol/blob/main/tests/Dockerfile), if you look for an example, how to install the necessary dependencies.

> 

Reviewer 2: :+1:
